Your Majesty, you are asking for the life of your concubine
Anfetus Bee Pregnancy Recipe
I've never read so many books in my life
Miss
The emperor gave you these books because he loves you
Concubine Shu to Shufen
Empress Shu
Sister Yuanfei
Now he's a big red with grace
Compare the other sisters by a lot
This Concubine Shu will sow discord here
Where did the Concubine Shu say?
The concubine was only pregnant
The emperor is particularly relevant to the future
If my sister is also pregnant
It's definitely stronger than me
This little lover is mocking Ben Gong for not being able to conceive
Sister, this is a famous doctor visiting the palace
Found Yifu Antenna Pills
As long as my sister takes it on time every day
Will keep your mother and son safe
King Rat Lang will defeat you
Who the hell knows what you have in mind
Then thank you, sister.
My sister is a little tired
Go back to rest first
Sister, are you driving me away?
Then I'll go. No delivery.
Open the dill and take a look.
Miss, it's a pill
The medicine sent by this person took the pill for sure
Green dill take this to the backyard and throw it away
Yes, Miss.
This time, let's see how you explain to Concubine Shu